Exercise3 Linear Probing, Quadratic Probing, Double Hashing Probing, Collisions.

Your input file has sequence of numbers (random order). 
The Table is size 11 and 
Double Factor is 7, 
hash function is hash(Key)=key,
value = 2*key.

For Exercise3 you have to calculate by hand Linear probing, Quadratic Probing and Double Hasing Probing and 
calculate collisions and tables for numbers from input file in5.txt (random order), then start sort the numbers
in ascending order and calculate collisions and tables again. third time, sort the numbers in decreasing order and
calculate collisions and tables again.

In each time you have to create three new hash tables and put all keys and their values into the hash tables, retrieve
the values, check that the values are correct, and type results including collision counts. When putting keys and values 
in a hash table, set value that is equal to key*2. When getting the values by the keys, check that the retrieved value is
equal to key*2 Calculate the count of collisions separately for each pass and for Linear Probing, for Quadratic Probing and
for Double Hashing Probing. The collision count shall be initialized to zero in the hash class in the beginning of each probing
and incremented every time a collision happens in get or put functions.

Please see probing-collisions-example with detailed explanation in Topic3ProbingCollisions_Example.pdf for random order.
For input from 
in_example.txt file output files are  
out_example_collisions.txt and 
out_example_tables.txt

So you shall calculate collisions and output tables 3 times: for random order, for increasing order, for decreasing order.
For your self-test here data for inputs and outputs
input from in1.txt file output files are out1_collisions.txt and out2_tables.txt
input from in2.txt file output files are out1_collisions.txt and out2_tables.txt
input from in3.txt file output files are out1_collisions.txt and out3_tables.txt
input from in4.txt file output files are out1_collisions.txt and out4_tables.txt
input from in5.txt file output files are not provided, it is for you to figure out.


Submit pdf file with your solution similar to Topic3ProbingCollisions_Example.pdf (the example is for random order only).
You have to provided solution for (in5.txt) random order(given), ascending order(sort it), descending order(sort it).
Show steps how you solve it.


